# Drug Tracker (Tracking of Medicinal Products using Blockchain)

Distribution of medicine in the public health community centers has been regulated and monitored in an official distribution channel. However, counterfeit medications still circulate in the community. Circulation of counterfeit medicines is caused by factors from businesses, consumers, and medicine distribution supervision. The main issues with drug safety in the counterfeit medicine supply chain, are to do with how the drugs are initially manufactured. The traceability of right and active pharmaceutical ingredients during actual manufacture is a difficult process, so detecting drugs that do not contain the intended active ingredients can ultimately lead to end consumer patient harm or even death. Blockchain's advanced features make it capable of providing a basis for complete traceability of drugs, from manufacturer to end consumer, and the ability to identify counterfeit-drug. The use of blockchain technology in supply-chain has shown new breakthroughs to overcome these problems since it ensures immutability, transparency, and decentralization of data. 

In this project, we proposed a new blockchain-based Medicinal system which can efficiently track the journey of the product through its supply chain. The proposed system has been applied to consumable medical distribution channels. It addresses the issue of drug safety using Ethereum Blockchain based system and QR code which can be easily scanned to retrieve the product details and its supply chain information.

This project is developed as part of Final Year Thesis.
